[SEAGULL SQUAWKING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HEARTBEAT]
>> Are you ready?
>> I feel confident.
>> You're a fine
candidate, Leah.
>> I heard that only one fellow
is being admitted this year.
>> I believe in you.
And I believe in your work
more than anyone else.
Good luck.
>> OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CAR HORNS]
[MUMBLING INDISTINCTLY]
>> You think you love me, but
you don't know me, not at all.
I'm a fucking monster.
This guy is a fucking loser.
No money.
You think you know me, but--
you think you know
me, but you don't.
You don't know the real me.
[CAR HORNS]
>> We'll do a couple more,
but I think this is in the bag
already.
>> Please go ahead
and state your name.
>> Samuel Davis.
>> Through my dissertation work
entitled re-engineered T cells,
I've been studying tumor
immunotherapy with T
lymphocytes, with the objective
to recognize and destroy
malignant cells.
The method used consists of
genetically modifying T cells
to specifically
target cancer cells
in patients with leukemia.
>> Great.
Whenever you're ready.
>> Jane, we can't get married.
You think you love me.
You don't know me.
You don't know the real me.
Because the real me, Janie, is a
fucking loser, a fucking loser.
I'm a monster.
I'm broke, Janie.
I got no money.
It's gone.
And it's not because my job
doesn't fucking pay me well.
It's because I fucking
gamble all of it
before I even make it.
>> I look forward to the
possibility of joining St.
Gabriel's fellowship program
and continuing my cancer studies
at Lauren Martin's lab.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Money we've been saving, I
blew the last of it yesterday.
I'm sorry, baby.
[BUTTON TONES]
[PHONE RINGING]
>> Chris, he
offered me the role.
The director, Golden.
In the room, he just offered
it to me on the spot.
Yeah, call and see
if it's official.
Just call him right now and see
if it's official, all right?
Call, call, call.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DEEP BREATH]
[PHONE RINGING]
>> Yeah?
>> Dude, you got it.
You booked the Warner movie.
>> Are you serious?
>> Dude, I just got off
the phone with Dave.
He said you're playing
against somebody big.
I don't know what it
is, man, but I'm sure--
>> Woohoohoohoo!
Yeah!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yeah.
Hey, movie star!
There he is.
Look at you, man.
How are you feeling?
>> Feeling good.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Props, man.
Next time you walk
in here, you'll
have some famous
chick on your arm.
>> Yeah.
>> I won't even recognize you.
>> Did he get the movie?
>> Sean, he got the movie.
Of course he got the movie.
Look at how successful
he looks right now.
>> Fuck you.
>> Hey, DJ, real
quick, bring it down.
Hey, guys, real quick.
For those of you
who don't know him.
This is my very
good friend, Sammy.
Today he booked his
first major role.
And as his manager, I will
take 50%, as per our contracts.
[LAUGHS]
>> So, guys, real quick, for
those of you who don't care,
for those of you who do care,
for those of you who love him,
let's hear it for Sammy.
One, to, three.
Cheers, guys.
[CHEERS]
>> Another quick note.
For those of you who will be
looking for him for the next 15
minutes, he'll be
getting his ass kicked
at the beer pong table by me.
Let's start that up.
>> Yeah!
>> DJ?
>> Congrats.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Woo!
>> Oh, my god.
You're still here?
>> Gosh, how many times have
I asked you not to do that?
>> Sorry.
In case you haven't noticed,
it's midnight on a Friday.
>> And we've got
AP samples today.
>> Yes.
I'm aware.
Hey, some of us are
going to Pat's for a beer
if you want to join.
>> What's that?
>> Never mind.
[WAVES CRASHING]
[LIGHT CLICKING]
[LAUGHS]
>> Shut up.
>> Come on!
No touching!
>> No touching.
>> Go ahead.
Don't even act like
you can beat me
in a swimming-- in
a swimming thing,
because I swam for
Paradise Valley.
>> OK.
>> I will win.
>> Are you going to flake?
>> Oh!
>> Yeah.
>> I am going to be--
>> Ha ha!
>> I won't go swimming with
you, not after beer pong.
But you're a loser at beer
pong some nights, too,
and I'm always going
to be unbeatable.
>> Come on.
>> Guys--
>> Get in!
>> --shut the hell up!
>> Who gives a shit?
>> I want to get this off.
>> You don't stand a chance.
>> You're done.
You're done.
>> You don't have a chance.
>> You're so done.
You're so done.
I'm like-- I'm like Aqua Man,
but my power is swimming.
>> You're so slow!
>> On the count of three!
>> I'm not ready!
I'm not ready!
>> No excuses.
Hey, wait.
>> One--
>> To the pier and back, $100.
>> --two--
>> Watch your nuts.
Watch your nuts.
Watch them.
>> --and three.
>> Where you at, Sam?
Where you at, Sam?
>> Oh, no, no, no, no.
>> No going back.
Watch out for the water, Sammy!
Oh!
It's too cold.
It's too cold, Sammy.
I'm out.
>> What?
>> I'm out, Sammy.
>> Come on!
Woo!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yeah!
Woo!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yeah, baby!
Woohoo!
[WAVES CRASHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPLASHING]
[BEEPING]
[INTERCOM]
>> Dr. Takan, line 210.
[BEEPING]
[CAR LOCK BEEP]
[WATER POURING]
[WAVES CRASHING]
>> Stop it!
>> What's wrong?
You all right?
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[SIRENS]
[CURTAINS CLOSING]
[SOUNDS OF TRAFFIC]
[HIGH-PITCH SOUND]
>> Turn down the light.
>> Samuel?
Are you ready?
Let us know if you
need more time.
[OFF-PITCH NOISE]
>How was the audition?
You think you got the part?
So you can really get
out there and start
to push yourself harder.
>> Katie, don't start.
>> There's nothing
wrong with asking.
>> It's not that easy, Katie.
There are many talented
actors out there.
>> Well, what if he's letting
a big opportunity go by?
>> Fine.
>> You think you got the part?
>> One step at a time.
He's still recovering.
>> Honey, we know
that you're healthy.
>> It's not that easy, Katie.
There are many talented
actors out there.
>> So you can really get
out there and start to push
yourself harder.
What if he's letting a
big opportunity go by?
>> Would you leave
him alone now, please?
One step at a time.
He's still recovering.
>> Well, what if he's letting
a big opportunity go by?
>> That's up to him.
It's only been a few weeks.
>> --his confidence.
>> I am not undermining
his confidence.
>> There's no injury, so you can
really get out there and start
to push yourself harder.
>> He's perfectly capable of
getting himself back on track.
He'll get back on
track-- that's up to him
--when he's ready to
get back on track.
>> Jack, all you're doing is
undermining his confidence.
>> It's only been a
few weeks, but he--
>> I am not undermining
his confidence.
>> Honey, we all know
that you're healthy now.
>> He knows what he's doing.
One step at a time.
He's still recovering.
>> He's perfectly capable
of getting back on track.
>> He's still recovering.
He'll get back on track--
it's only been a few weeks.
Would you leave him
alone now, please-- he's
ready to get back on track.
[LOUD NOISE]
>> How's everyone
else doing tonight?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sammy, Sammy, Sammy.
Did you get my email, bud?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, yeah, with
the-- the email,
the audition confirmation.
You got that?
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah.
You sure you're up for it?
>> All right.
We got to get you back out there
at some point, so, you know,
I guess it's up to you.
What's up, Jackie?
>> Hi, guys.
>> Hi.
>> She said she needed
a ride home if you're--
great.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sammy.
Sammy, get back here.
Sammy, where are you going?
>> It's too loud.
>> OK, what about Jackie?
Are you going to
take Jackie home?
>> No.
>> Why not?
What are you, a jackass?
Dude, you could use a
girlfriend right now.
>> I don't need
a girlfriend, OK?
I just don't feel good tonight.
That's it.
>> You know what, dude?
You need to get over this, OK?
I get it.
It sucks.
You got passed on
a major movie role.
I get it.
But, dude, this piss-poor
attitude of yours
is not getting anyone anywhere.
>> I'm fucking
trying, you asshole.
>> OK, well, try harder, Sammy!
[WAVES CRASHING]
>> Nurse?
Nurse?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[RIFLING THROUGH PAPERS]
[BUTTON TONES]
[PHONE RINGING]
>> Hello?
>> Is this Leah?
It's Samuel.
I don't know if you remember me.
>> Of course I do.
>> I was going to--
I was going to call before.
>> Oh, that's OK.
I understand.
>> Do you want to
maybe grab some coffee?
>> Sure.
>> How about today,
around five o'clock?
>> Yeah, that works.
I'll call you after work.
>> Thank you.
[CAR HORN]
[SOUNDS OF TRAFFIC]
>> Leah?
Hey.
I'm sorry.
I don't do well with
crowds, not lately.
>> It's late.
I need to get going.
>> Yeah.
>> It's nice seeing you again.
[WIND BLOWING]
>> You still feel like coffee?
I have coffee or--
shoot.
Sorry.
Tea.
I have coffee or tea.
I just live a few blocks
away, if that's OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Tea sounds good.
[ELEVATOR RUNNING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
>> I'll go put the tea on.
>> Yeah, OK.
>> They give me headaches.
>> I see.
>> Here.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> I've got some sugar or honey.
>> Oh, no.
No, that's OK.
I don't eat sugar.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah, it's bad for you.
>> Have a seat.
>> Thanks.
Aren't you having coffee?
>> Oh, I hate coffee.
>> Oh.
>> Thank you for what you did,
for risking your life like
that.
>> Oh, you would have
done the same thing.
>> I don't know.
>> So have you seen someone
about the headaches?
>> Oh, yeah, but
there's nothing wrong.
Or, I mean, they don't--
nothing.
They don't find anything wrong.
So you're a doctor?
>> Yeah.
Mhm.
Well, more like a
research scientist.
Well, I'm studying specific
cells of the immune system.
>> What for?
>> Well, the goal is to find new
therapies and hopefully cures
to certain types of cancer
like leukemia, you know?
>> Why?
Not why do you try to
cure cancer, why did you,
you know, like--
>> Are you secretly
investigating or something?
>> No, sorry.
>> It's OK.
I don't mind if you are.
>> This is so weird.
I just feel like I know
you from somewhere.
>> Well, the brain is
actively changing perception.
That's one explanation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I should go.
I need to get back to the lab.
>> Yeah.
Can I see you again?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR OPENING]
>> Samuel, thank
you for the tea.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm glad I came.
>> Me, too.
>> Bye.
[DOOR CLOSING]
> Bye.
[ELEVATOR RUNNING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HEARTBEAT]
[PHONE RINGING]
[TRUCK REVERSE BEEP]
[BEEP]
>> Hello?
>> Samuel?
>> Leah?
>> Did I wake you?
>> No.
>> I'm sorry to call so early.
I thought that perhaps
you were awake.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, I am.
>> Would you like to
grab a cup of tea maybe?
>> Yeah.
>> Great.
I have time until 7:00.
>> What time is it now?
>> 5:30.
>> Yeah, where
were you thinking?
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WAVES CRASHING]
[KEYBOARD CLICKING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here you go.
>> I'm not used to this.
>> Used to what?
>> Just, you know, hanging out.
>> Too much work?
>> Not enough time.
>> Well, you look like
you work too much.
>> So you are an actor.
>> Yeah, trying to.
>> Have you been in many movies?
>> Some.
Are you sure we
haven't met before?
>> I don't think so.
>> Maybe we ran into each other
once and I was the only one
paying attention.
>> Maybe.
>> You play the piano.
>> No.
>> Oh.
Well, you have beautiful hands.
Can I get you some water?
>> No thanks.
>> All right.
I'll be right back.
>> OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DEEP BREATH]
>> Do you still draw?
>> I don't know.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PENCIL SCRATCHING]
[WAVES CRASHING]
[WATER RUNNING]
>> This might sound
really strange.
It really makes no sense.
>> That's all right.
Go ahead.
>> I seem to have developed
symptoms of post-traumatic
stress disorder.
>> I see.
And what makes you think that?
What are your symptoms?
>> Well, I-- a fear of
water has developed in me.
I'm terrified of water now.
>> Can you give me any examples?
>> I haven't taken a
shower in four weeks.
I can't wash my hands anymore.
I use sanitizer only.
It's deeply affecting my
work, as you can imagine.
I made an appointment to
come and see you last week.
I was hoping it
would get better.
However, I haven't noticed
any improvement since.
>> So I'm going to give you a
mild tranquilizer to help you
cope with your anxieties, and
then we'll take it from there,
OK?
[PHONE RINGING]
>> Good morning, Leah.
>> Good morning.
I apologize for being late.
>> Leah, we're eager to
hear about the progress
on your research.
>> Yes.
By analyzing the results
obtained in my study conducted
in mice, we can conclude that
chimeric antigen receptors have
successfully overcome
tolerance in mice
by allowing T cells to respond
to cell surface antigens.
However, targeting functional
immune T cells to cancer cells
and maintaining them in patients
still remains a challenge.
>> Correct.
Today there are
no direct results
indicating that this concept
is even effective at targeting
cancer cells.
>> Yeah, well, perhaps
there's more to it.
>> We understand your enthusiasm
with this therapy, Leah.
But until we can prove
that the infused T
cells kill tumor cells, we
can't draw any conclusions.
>> We often disregard treatments
and options that could benefit
a patient's well-being based
on numbers and figures?
I mean, we might not be
killing cancer cells,
but we could
certainly be improving
patients' quality of life.
>> Leah, let's not forget that
quality of life is not science.
>> Excuse me.
[INTERCOM]
>> Hi.
>> Sorry to just show
up like this here.
Well, I wanted to
just give you this.
I wanted to give it
to you in person.
>> Thank you.
You didn't have to.
>> I know, but I just wanted to.
Oh, don't.
Or, sorry.
Can you just wait,
open it later?
Sorry.
>> Sure.
No, it's fine.
>> Can I give you a ride home?
>> It's just a couple of blocks.
>> Can I walk you home?
[INTERCOM]
>> All right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[KEYS JINGLING]
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, no problem.
>> I should get going.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah.
OK.
>> Goodnight.
Samuel, Would you
like to come in?
Can I offer you
anything to drink?
>> No thanks.
No.
You said you didn't play.
>> Oh, I don't.
It belonged to my parents.
They passed away, so I just,
you know, kept it since.
>> Oh, sorry to hear that.
>> It's OK.
It was a long time ago.
I hardly remember them.
[PLAYING THE PIANO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Have you read all these?
>> What's that?
>> Have you read
all these books?
>> Yeah.
You should probably go.
It's been a really
long day for me.
>> Sure.
Can I ask you something?
>> Yeah.
Why did you risk your
life for a stranger?
>> I had to.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
>> Hey.
Leah.
>> Not now, OK?
We got new samples this morning.
>> It's important.
>> What?
What?
>> That's what I'd like to know.
Are you sick?
>> No, of course not.
>> Leah, look at yourself.
Everyone's noticed, not just me.
Leah, careful!
[LAB EQUIPMENT FALLING]
[SOUND OF WATER]
>> Leah?
[HEARTBEAT]
>> You're dehydrated.
We're giving you some
fluids, all right?
[HEARTBEAT]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[INTERCOM]
>> Hey, Lee.
>> Hey.
Thanks.
>> You overworked yourself.
And your body
eventually catches up.
You know that.
>> You know, something happened
the day of the accident.
Something went off in my brain.
>> Give yourself a break.
It's only been a few weeks, and
you've had a lot to deal with.
And I don't just
mean the accident.
>> Sorry.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[ELEVATOR RUNNING]
[DOOR OPENING]
>> Hey.
>> I need to talk to you.
>> Yeah?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Leah.
I never felt anything
like this before.
>> You don't know me.
>> That doesn't
change how I feel.
>> Do you believe
in coincidences?
>> No.
>> I do.
I do.
And I think that
we met by accident
and that, given
the circumstances,
we're idealizing this, us.
Look.
I have to focus on my work.
I can't afford any
distractions right now.
>> Distraction?
Is that what I am?
Do you feel nothing?
>> We're different.
>> Are we?
>> I can't do this.
>> What were you doing that day,
the morning of the accident?
>> I was jogging.
>> Down at the pier, that early?
>> Yeah, I couldn't sleep.
>> See?
It's not a coincidence
that you and I met.
I'm standing here
because of you.
>> Look, I'm sorry.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[ELEVATOR RUNNING]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[SOUND OF WATER]
[SCREAMING]
[WATER RUNNING]
>> Here you go.
I suggest that,
through hypnosis, we
see if any memories
come up that can
help us understand your fears.
>> Dr. Anderson, I was hoping
that you would suggest a more
traditional approach.
>> I understand.
Hypnotherapy is an option
I'd like to explore
in cases such as yours.
And you don't have
to decide right now.
>> OK, if you can't help me,
that's something that I need
to know now.
>> Unfortunately, there is
no medication or treatment
on the market that can make
it go away immediately.
[PHONE RINGING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
>> Hey.
Hey, excuse me.
Excuse me.
Hey!
Could you read this?
>> Look.
Sorry, man.
I don't have the time.
>> OK, but can you
please just read-- buddy.
Buddy, can you
just do me a favor?
>> Stay away, man!
>> Good morning, Leah.
Come join us?
We decided to gather
here this morning
because it seemed to be
the most suitable place
to congratulate our new St.
Gabriel's Cancer Research
Institute fellow, Michael.
You have been
awarded St. Gabriel's
post-graduate fellowship.
Congratulations.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Excuse me.
My office.
>> Thank you.
>> Congrats.
>> Good job.
>> Thank you.
>> It's all you.
>> Congrats.
>> I'm sorry.
It was not up to me.
[INTERCOM]
>> A good friend of mine
is looking for a research
assistant.
Like you, he is currently
studying tumor immunotherapy
with stem cells.
He's an exceptional scientist
who could eventually
sponsor your own research.
The position doesn't pay much,
and he is based in Vancouver.
But I told him about you.
He is considering other
strong candidates.
But if you're willing
to drop out of school
and relocate immediately,
the position is yours.
I'm sorry.
This is the best that I can do.
[SPLASHING]
[GASPING]
[LIGHT CLICKING]
>> OK.
[SPITS WATER]
>> I'm sorry.
I'd like to give hypnosis a try.
>> Just remember hypnosis
doesn't work for everyone.
And some people are able
to reach a deep place
of relaxation and
other people aren't.
So try not to let
your mind judge.
Just let yourself experience it,
and you can analyze everything
later.
Are you ready?
>> Yes.
>> OK, good.
Go ahead and just
close your eyes.
And we're going to start
with focusing on the breath,
just inhaling--
[INHALING]
>> --and exhaling.
[EXHALING]
>> That's it.
And inhale.
[INHALING]
>> And exhale.
[EXHALING]
>> You don't have to think.
You don't have to listen.
You don't have to do anything--
[EXHALING]
>> --except allow yourself to
lie on that couch feeling warm,
relaxed, and comfortable.
It's now time to begin
the journey backwards.
I want you to go back
to your childhood,
back to the time when
you were eight years old.
Whatever comes into
your mind is fine.
Just let yourself experience it.
Five, four, three, two, one.
[EXHALING]
>> What do you see?
[WIND BLOWING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HEARTBEAT]
[WAVES CRASHING]
>> Where are you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In my room.
[CHILD LAUGHING]
>> What do you see?
>> My parents.
I miss them so much.
I wish they were here with me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I want you to go back now.
Go back to the time when
your parents were alive.
Can you see them?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> No, I can't.
I can't see anything.
>> Go further back in time.
What do you see?
[WIND BLOWING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Anything that
comes to your mind.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[FLOOR CREAKING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
>> --ended the
German government,
speaking that on this we
heard from them by 11 o'clock.
>> Our living room.
[PIANO PLAYING]
>> Do you know where you are?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's my house.
>> Can you see yourself?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yes, but I look different.
>> Is your name Leah?
>> Ilse.
My mother is here with Daniel.
He's going to live with us now.
>> What else do you see?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Daniel cannot go out.
>> Why not?
>> He's Jewish.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We're playing music
so they don't hear us.
>> Move forward in time.
[WAVES CRASHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Where are you now?
>> Outside.
>> How old are you?
>> 19.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Daniel and I are
going to get married.
We're going to elope.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I feel like I know
you from somewhere.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What happens next?
[SOUNDS OF A STORM]
[WAVES CRASHING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
>> Oh, my god.
The water is coming in.
There's a storm.
The house is filling with water.
It's filling very quickly.
We don't know where to go.
[HOUSE CREAKS]
[WATER CRASHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Everything is
going to be fine.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CRIES]
>> We will always be together.
[HOUSE COLLAPSING]
>> Ilse!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Daniel!
Daniel!
[WATER SPLASHING]
>> Daniel!
Daniel!
[WATER SPLASHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Leah, you are
no longer drowning.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPLASHING]
>> You are safe now.
You no longer need
to fear water.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Samuel?
[ELEVATOR RUNNING]
[SMASHING]
>> Samuel?
>> I didn't ask you to save me.
>> You shouldn't be
drinking like this.
>> Oh, really?
Well, what should
I be doing, huh?
I'm stuck here, but
it's not-- it's not me.
Do you have any idea
what that's like?
I wish that I could just
thank you and move on.
But this is hell.
You know, you're right.
You and I, it's
just a coincidence.
>> You don't
remember me, do you?
>> Please go now.
>> Samuel.
>> Leave!
[DOOR CLOSING]
[KEYBOARD CLICKING]
>> Hey, I need your help.
What do you know
about genetic memory?
>> If we were to demonstrate
that long-term memories are
built in the brain by creating
and strengthening connections
between neurons and that these
connections join neurons up
into a complex network that can
recreate memories even years
later, this would
be a valid theory.
However, the molecules in
these neural connections
are replaced every few weeks.
OK.
OK, think about it, OK?
Think about how
long-lasting memories
can be if they are stored by
such an impermanent medium.
>> What if our consciousness
does not cease to exist when we
die?
>> And where does
consciousness go between lives?
I mean, even if
you were to believe
that DNA stores our memories
and that we pass them
on to our children
that way, you would
need to be genetically
linked to the person
whose life you
were regressed to.
>> OK, what if, instead,
consciousness is reborn
as someone else who can then
access those memories from
the previous life?
>> When and how would
it enter the new body?
And how would you
even prove that?
>> Yeah.
What I saw, what I
remembered, it felt real.
>> You could have been reacting
to environmental stimuli.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey.
Hey.
You know better.
don't add emotion
to the science.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yeah, you're right.
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yes.
Yes, I can understand
your frustration, Samuel.
The symptoms that you're
experiencing are real.
It takes a series
of specific tests
to properly diagnose
and treat it.
So I'd like to start by
having you examined by a newer
psychologist who will
help us better determine
the degree of your injury,
and we'll take it from there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CURTAINS OPENING]
[DOOR KNOCKING]
[SIGHS]
[DOOR OPENING]
[KISSES]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[SIGHS]
[WIND RATTLING WINDOW]
[WIND BLOWING]
>> I love you, always have.
You and me, we're
meant to be together.
I love you, always have.
You and me, we're
meant to be together.
it wasn't the first
time I saw you.
It was the first time
you looked at me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey, Samuel.
It's me, Leah.
I was just--
I'm leaving.
I've been offered
a job in Vancouver.
[BEEP]
>> The mailbox you
have called is full.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR OPENING]
>> Hi.
We'll be ready for you in 15.
>> OK, great.
[DOOR CLOSING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR OPENING]
>> Samuel?
[WIND BLOWING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[RAIN POURING]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I remember you.
[CREDIT MUSIC]
>> I've seen your face.
Maybe we're not alone
all along, all along.
Can you stay, for we're alone.
Are you all alone?
We'll be all alone.
Run into me, right into my--
my hands.
Every line, every part,
I know we're all alone.